GENERIC DPCRTLMM LICENSE AGREEMENT AND TERMS  -  2nd August 2000
YOU MUST AGREE TO THIS IN ORDER TO USE MY LIBRARY

(1) Using my library indicates automatically that you have accepted these
terms, if you disagree you must delete my library BEFORE making any
software which uses it.

(2) FLAVORS: In the rest of this license I shall refer to "flavors" to the
library, these are standard, professional and absolutely mental.
STANDARD is the free version of the library downloadable from
the Daybo Logic web site, FTP server or a public archive (see paragraph 3).
The STANDARD version is feature limited and comes with no source code.
PROFESSIONAL is the payed for fully featured version WITHOUT source code.
ASOLUTELY MENTAL refers to the version which includes source code.

(3) DISTRIBUTION: You may distribute the STANDARD flavor of the library
to anyone who you know may be interested, you may not send unsolicited
commercial email on behalf of Daybo Logic or David Duncan Ross Palmer.
The STANDARD flavor may also be made available in a public archive or
your web site, I would prefer that it is kept reasonably up to date
however.
The PROFESSIONAL flavor of the library may not be distributed, see
section 3.1 for your rights with programs made with it.
The ABSOLUTELY MENTAL flavor of the library follows the same rule as
the PROFESSIONAL flavor, it may not be distributed, see section 4 for
your rights to modify the source, but be aware that those changes cannot
be distributed either.

(3.1) DISTRIBUTION OF USER PROGRAMS: Programs made which use this
library are your property, except for the compiled version of the
library within them.  Choosing to use a seperated approach such as a
Dynamic Link Library will not exclude this use of the library and your
program, as a "user" of this library or derivatives of this library is
therefore subject to this section.
  I give you permission to distribute programs which use the STANDARD
flavor of the library as long as there is no commercial exploiation,
that means there may not even be a distribution fee for such software.
Distributions of these programs which use the STANDARD flavor of the
library may only be done through the INTERNET.  Also the programs may
not use more than 50 blocks and/or 64 block arrays and must allow the
library to display this message at startup:

   DPCRTLMM Memory Manager freeware  Version x.xx
   Copyright 2000 David D R Palmer, Daybo Logic, all rights reserved.
   http://daybologic.com/Dev/dpcrtlmm

If you are a registered user of the PROFESSIONAL or ABSOLUTELY MENTAL
flavor of the library I give you permission to distribute programs which
use the library without limitation and without royalty, BUT your program
must offer significantly more functionally than the library itself, it
may not be simply a wrapper intended to make the library usable by
unregistered users.  You may not distribute the source code or the
library file with your program.  You may not distribute a header to make
it possible for unregistered users to use the library as a DLL, if you,
or Daybo Logic have built the library as a DLL.

(4) SOURCE CODE LICENSE (ABSOLUTELY MENTAL FLAVOR ONLY)
If you do not have the source code for the library this section does not
apply to you.  Provided you are a registered user of the ABSOLUTELY
MENTAL flavor of the library you may modify the source as a neccesary
extension to functionality.  The source is provided primarily so it may be
rebuilt for unsupported platforms.  You may make modifcations to
the source BUT it must still follow these rules:

I want to see my copyright notice intact at the top of every source file.
The file dpcrtlmm.c must contain the copyright string which is visible
inside the library when dumped.
No change must be distributed to other users of the library.

Additionally, even unmodified source may not be disclosed to others, as
a registered user of the DPCRTLMM library source you have been trusted
to certain intellectual property of Daybo Logic.

(5) DISASSEMBLY & BACKWARDS ENGINEERING (STANDARD & PROFESSIONAL
VERSIONS ONLY)
Disassembly which is possible with a library tool and an object
disassembler is prohibited, you will be in violation of this agreement
if you do this to recover assembly code.  If you want the source you
should purchase the ABSOLUTELY MENTAL flavor, but before you do, read
section 4 to understand your rights with the source.

(6) DISCLAIMER
Daybo Logic as an entity, or David Duncan Ross Palmer take no
responsibility for damage to your system, this includes but is not
limited to accidental data loss through the use or inabillity to use
this library or physical damage to your system.
The library is provided "as is" without warrenty for fitness for any
particular application or purpose, I justify this because you may use
the STANDARD flavor of the library to determine if it is suitable for
your needs before purchase.
